hello I'm working on a weed wacker motor
that I bought a week ago for 10 euros I
made a small propeller for it
from scrap wood and this is the engine
it's one horsepower and about 24 CCS
two-stroke works great I painted the
muffler too
it was rusty and in pretty bad shape so
let's look at the propeller
I just carved it without any plans or
anything so it's not perfect by any
means and it's a really soft wood so it
cracks easily and all
so that's it well honey fix the length
of the DeMille shaft because it keeps
getting off off and in a month or so I'm
going to put these put this engine on a
small bike so see you later all right I
fixed up the engine and now I'm trying
I'm going to start up